# Usage

Once you have your assembly instructions loaded (commands.txt), you can write some code. The format of a line if the following: `command argument` (the space is nescesseary) Arguments must be numbers. The assembler accepts 3 formats for numbers: decimal `23` binary `0b1001` and hex `0xf8`. If a command does not have an argument, you can still specify it, but will be ignored, or you can omit it entirely. The assembler supports comments. A comment starts with a `;` character and spans for the end of a line. There a re support for labels too. You can specify a label, by typing `:<label name>` where label name must be 1 word, without spaces. Tu use a label's value, for eaxample type: `JMP :<label name>`. There are constants, prefixed with the `$` sign. They hold constant values, and will bre replaced during asembling. To create a constant type: `$<constant name> <number value>`. To use a constant's value, type: `JMP $<constant name>` For loading constant values to memory, you can use words. Type this: `.text "Hello!" 10`, this will put each character to the memory, starting from address 10. You can also o it with numbers too. `.array [4,5,0b00000000_00000011,0xFF] 0`. If using the array format, the array must begin with a `[` and en with a `]`. Each item must be a number, can not be a character. The items of the array are separated by cllons. No spaces allowed  inside an array definition. (Not even for making it look pretty) To access the length of a defined word prefix the name with a `#` character. Like this: `ADR #text` During word definition, you can inly use numbers, or characters.